better document cron options (#439)
temporalio/documentation: docs/go/workflows.md

:::note

In most use cases it is better to execute the Workflow asynchronously.

> You can also start your workflows on a regular schedule with [the CronSchedule option](distributed-cron).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also start a Workflow Execution on a regular schedule with [the CronSchedule option](distributed-cron).
```
